person_addresses	address_id	uuid
person_addresses	tenant_id	uuid
person_addresses	owner_id	uuid
person_addresses	is_current_address	boolean
person_addresses	name	character varying
person_addresses	line1	character varying
person_addresses	line2	character varying
person_addresses	city	character varying
person_addresses	state	character varying
person_addresses	postcode	character varying
person_addresses	country	character varying
person_addresses	address_components	jsonb
person_addresses	google_place_id	character varying
person_addresses	formatted_address	character varying
person_addresses	latitude	numeric
person_addresses	longitude	numeric
person_addresses	plus_code	character varying
person_addresses	viewport_northeast_lat	numeric
person_addresses	viewport_northeast_lng	numeric
person_addresses	viewport_southwest_lat	numeric
person_addresses	viewport_southwest_lng	numeric
person_addresses	created_at	timestamp with time zone
person_addresses	updated_at	timestamp with time zone
person_bank_accounts	tenant_id	uuid
person_bank_accounts	id	uuid
person_bank_accounts	employee_id	uuid
person_bank_accounts	account_nickname	character varying
person_bank_accounts	is_primary	boolean
person_bank_accounts	is_active	boolean
person_bank_accounts	account_type	character varying
person_bank_accounts	bank_name	character varying
person_bank_accounts	bank_code	character varying
person_bank_accounts	branch_code	character varying
person_bank_accounts	branch_name	character varying
person_bank_accounts	account_holder_name	character varying
person_bank_accounts	account_number_encrypted	text
person_bank_accounts	routing_number_encrypted	text
person_bank_accounts	iban_encrypted	text
person_bank_accounts	swift_code	character varying
person_bank_accounts	bank_address	jsonb
person_bank_accounts	currency_code	character
person_bank_accounts	payment_method	character varying
person_bank_accounts	verification_status	character varying
person_bank_accounts	verification_date	date
person_bank_accounts	verification_method	character varying
person_bank_accounts	last_used_date	date
person_bank_accounts	effective_date	date
person_bank_accounts	end_date	date
person_bank_accounts	notes	text
person_bank_accounts	metadata	jsonb
person_bank_accounts	created_at	timestamp with time zone
person_bank_accounts	created_by	text
person_bank_accounts	updated_at	timestamp with time zone
person_bank_accounts	updated_by	text
person_bank_accounts	is_deleted	boolean
person_children	id	uuid
person_children	tenant_id	uuid
person_children	person_id	uuid
person_children	first_name	character varying
person_children	last_name	character varying
person_children	date_of_birth	date
person_children	gender_id	uuid
person_children	is_dependent	boolean
person_children	notes	text
person_children	created_at	timestamp with time zone
person_children	created_by	text
person_children	updated_at	timestamp with time zone
person_children	updated_by	text
person_children	deleted_at	timestamp with time zone
person_children	deleted_by	text
person_children	entity_context	character varying
person_children	middle_name	character varying
person_contact_details	contact_id	uuid
person_contact_details	tenant_id	uuid
person_contact_details	owner_id	uuid
person_contact_details	is_current	boolean
person_contact_details	work_phone_number	text
person_contact_details	phone_number	text
person_contact_details	mobile_number	text
person_contact_details	work_email_address	text
person_contact_details	personal_email_address	text
person_contact_details	created_at	timestamp with time zone
person_contact_details	updated_at	timestamp with time zone
person_contact_details	is_active	boolean
person_emergency_contacts	id	uuid
person_emergency_contacts	tenant_id	uuid
person_emergency_contacts	owner_id	uuid
person_emergency_contacts	title	character varying
person_emergency_contacts	pronouns	character varying
person_emergency_contacts	first_name	character varying
person_emergency_contacts	middle_names	character varying
person_emergency_contacts	last_name	character varying
person_emergency_contacts	preferred_name	character varying
person_emergency_contacts	relationship	text
person_emergency_contacts	contact_id	uuid
person_emergency_contacts	address_id	uuid
person_emergency_contacts	created_at	timestamp with time zone
person_emergency_contacts	created_by	text
person_emergency_contacts	updated_at	timestamp with time zone
person_emergency_contacts	updated_by	text
person_emergency_contacts	deleted_at	timestamp with time zone
person_emergency_contacts	deleted_by	text
person_employment	id	uuid
person_employment	person_id	uuid
person_employment	employment_start_date	date
person_employment	employment_end_date	date
person_employment	employee_references	jsonb
person_employment	job_title_id	uuid
person_employment	job_function_id	uuid
person_employment	department	text
person_employment	cost_centre_id	uuid
person_employment	organisation_id	uuid
person_employment	managers	jsonb
person_employment	employment_type_id	uuid
person_employment	created_at	timestamp with time zone
person_employment	created_by	text
person_employment	updated_at	timestamp with time zone
person_employment	updated_by	text
person_employment	tenant_id	uuid
person_employment	deleted_at	timestamp with time zone
person_employment	deleted_by	text
person_employment	job_title	text
person_employment	employer_name	character varying
person_employment	employment_type	character varying
person_employment	job_grade_id	uuid
person_employment	job_grade	text
person_employment	job_function	text
person_employment	role_description	text
person_employment	is_active	boolean
person_employment	employer_location_id	uuid
person_employment	employer_location	text
person_flags	id	uuid
person_flags	person_id	uuid
person_flags	tenant_id	uuid
person_flags	flag_type_id	uuid
person_flags	value	text
person_flags	effective_from	date
person_flags	effective_to	date
person_flags	notes	text
person_flags	created_at	timestamp with time zone
person_flags	created_by	text
person_flags	updated_at	timestamp with time zone
person_flags	updated_by	text
person_flags	deleted_at	timestamp with time zone
person_flags	deleted_by	text
person_government_identifiers	id	uuid
person_government_identifiers	tenant_id	uuid
person_government_identifiers	person_id	uuid
person_government_identifiers	identifier_type_id	uuid
person_government_identifiers	identifier_value	text
person_government_identifiers	issuing_country_id	uuid
person_government_identifiers	issued_date	date
person_government_identifiers	expiry_date	date
person_government_identifiers	created_at	timestamp with time zone
person_government_identifiers	created_by	text
person_government_identifiers	updated_at	timestamp with time zone
person_government_identifiers	updated_by	text
person_government_identifiers	deleted_at	timestamp with time zone
person_government_identifiers	deleted_by	text
person_languages	id	uuid
person_languages	tenant_id	uuid
person_languages	person_id	uuid
person_languages	language_id	uuid
person_languages	proficiency	character varying
person_languages	is_primary	boolean
person_languages	created_at	timestamp with time zone
person_languages	created_by	text
person_languages	updated_at	timestamp with time zone
person_languages	updated_by	text
person_notes	id	uuid
person_notes	tenant_id	uuid
person_notes	case_id	uuid
person_notes	note_text	text
person_notes	created_by	text
person_notes	created_at	timestamp with time zone
person_notes	person_id	uuid
person_partners	id	uuid
person_partners	tenant_id	uuid
person_partners	person_id	uuid
person_partners	first_name	character varying
person_partners	last_name	character varying
person_partners	date_of_birth	date
person_partners	gender_id	uuid
person_partners	nationality_id	uuid
person_partners	relationship_type	character varying
person_partners	marital_status_id	uuid
person_partners	since_date	date
person_partners	until_date	date
person_partners	is_current	boolean
person_partners	notes	text
person_partners	created_at	timestamp with time zone
person_partners	created_by	text
person_partners	updated_at	timestamp with time zone
person_partners	updated_by	text
person_partners	deleted_at	timestamp with time zone
person_partners	deleted_by	text
person_partners	entity_context	character varying
person_partners	middle_name	character varying
person_passports	id	uuid
person_passports	tenant_id	uuid
person_passports	person_id	uuid
person_passports	passport_number	character varying
person_passports	issuing_country_id	uuid
person_passports	issue_date	date
person_passports	expiry_date	date
person_passports	is_primary	boolean
person_passports	is_active	boolean
person_passports	notes	text
person_passports	created_at	timestamp with time zone
person_passports	created_by	text
person_passports	updated_at	timestamp with time zone
person_passports	updated_by	text
person_passports	deleted_at	timestamp with time zone
person_passports	deleted_by	text
person_passports	entity_context	character varying
person_passports	owner_type	character varying
person_passports	owner_id	uuid
person_payroll_data	tenant_id	uuid
person_payroll_data	id	uuid
person_payroll_data	employee_id	uuid
person_payroll_data	employee_number	character varying
person_payroll_data	payroll_configuration_id	uuid
person_payroll_data	employment_start_date	date
person_payroll_data	employment_end_date	date
person_payroll_data	employment_status	character varying
person_payroll_data	employment_type	character varying
person_payroll_data	job_title	character varying
person_payroll_data	department	character varying
person_payroll_data	cost_center	character varying
person_payroll_data	reporting_manager_id	uuid
person_payroll_data	work_location	character varying
person_payroll_data	work_country_code	character
person_payroll_data	pay_frequency	character varying
person_payroll_data	base_salary	numeric
person_payroll_data	hourly_rate	numeric
person_payroll_data	currency_code	character
person_payroll_data	overtime_eligible	boolean
person_payroll_data	overtime_rate_multiplier	numeric
person_payroll_data	standard_hours_per_week	numeric
person_payroll_data	vacation_days_per_year	numeric
person_payroll_data	sick_days_per_year	numeric
person_payroll_data	probation_end_date	date
person_payroll_data	contract_end_date	date
person_payroll_data	notice_period_days	integer
person_payroll_data	tax_filing_status	character varying
person_payroll_data	tax_exemptions	integer
person_payroll_data	pension_eligible	boolean
person_payroll_data	pension_start_date	date
person_payroll_data	benefits_eligible	boolean
person_payroll_data	benefits_start_date	date
person_payroll_data	custom_fields	jsonb
person_payroll_data	metadata	jsonb
person_payroll_data	created_at	timestamp with time zone
person_payroll_data	created_by	text
person_payroll_data	updated_at	timestamp with time zone
person_payroll_data	updated_by	text
person_payroll_data	is_deleted	boolean
person_payroll_details	id	uuid
person_payroll_details	tenant_id	uuid
person_payroll_details	person_id	uuid
person_payroll_details	payroll_id	character varying
person_payroll_details	tax_identifier	character varying
person_payroll_details	bank_account_number	character varying
person_payroll_details	bank_sort_code	character varying
person_payroll_details	bank_name	character varying
person_payroll_details	bank_account_name	character varying
person_payroll_details	bank_account_type	character varying
person_payroll_details	bank_country_id	uuid
person_payroll_details	payment_method	character varying
person_payroll_details	payroll_frequency	character varying
person_payroll_details	is_active	boolean
person_payroll_details	notes	text
person_payroll_details	created_at	timestamp with time zone
person_payroll_details	created_by	text
person_payroll_details	updated_at	timestamp with time zone
person_payroll_details	updated_by	text
person_payroll_details	deleted_at	timestamp with time zone
person_payroll_details	deleted_by	text
person_payroll_details	entity_context	character varying
person_permits_visas	id	uuid
person_permits_visas	tenant_id	uuid
person_permits_visas	person_id	uuid
person_permits_visas	case_id	uuid
person_permits_visas	permit_type	character varying
person_permits_visas	country_id	uuid
person_permits_visas	state_id	uuid
person_permits_visas	permit_application_date	date
person_permits_visas	permit_granted_date	date
person_permits_visas	permit_number	text
person_permits_visas	permit_start_date	date
person_permits_visas	permit_expiry_date	date
person_permits_visas	issued_by	text
person_permits_visas	status	text
person_permits_visas	permit_conditions	text
person_permits_visas	notes	text
person_permits_visas	work_eligibility_status	text
person_permits_visas	created_at	timestamp with time zone
person_permits_visas	created_by	text
person_permits_visas	updated_at	timestamp with time zone
person_permits_visas	updated_by	text
person_permits_visas	deleted_at	timestamp with time zone
person_permits_visas	deleted_by	text
person_salaries	id	uuid
person_salaries	tenant_id	uuid
person_salaries	person_id	uuid
person_salaries	currency_code	character varying
person_salaries	base_salary	numeric
person_salaries	effective_from	date
person_salaries	effective_to	date
person_salaries	salary_type	character varying
person_salaries	payment_frequency	character varying
person_salaries	notes	text
person_salaries	is_active	boolean
person_salaries	created_at	timestamp with time zone
person_salaries	created_by	text
person_salaries	updated_at	timestamp with time zone
person_salaries	updated_by	text
person_salaries	deleted_at	timestamp with time zone
person_salaries	deleted_by	text
person_salaries	entity_context	character varying
person_security_clearances	id	uuid
person_security_clearances	person_id	uuid
person_security_clearances	tenant_id	uuid
person_security_clearances	clearance_level	character varying
person_security_clearances	issuing_country_id	uuid
person_security_clearances	status	character varying
person_security_clearances	issued_date	date
person_security_clearances	expiry_date	date
person_security_clearances	notes	text
person_security_clearances	created_at	timestamp with time zone
person_security_clearances	created_by	text
person_security_clearances	updated_at	timestamp with time zone
person_security_clearances	updated_by	text
person_security_clearances	deleted_at	timestamp with time zone
person_security_clearances	deleted_by	text
person_social_security_numbers	id	uuid
person_social_security_numbers	tenant_id	uuid
person_social_security_numbers	owner_id	uuid
person_social_security_numbers	name	text
person_social_security_numbers	number	text
person_social_security_numbers	agency	text
person_social_security_numbers	country_of_legal_residency	text
person_social_security_numbers	created_at	timestamp with time zone
person_social_security_numbers	created_by	text
person_social_security_numbers	updated_at	timestamp with time zone
person_social_security_numbers	updated_by	text
person_social_security_numbers	deleted_at	timestamp with time zone
person_social_security_numbers	deleted_by	text
person_tax_data	tenant_id	uuid
person_tax_data	id	uuid
person_tax_data	employee_id	uuid
person_tax_data	tax_year	integer
person_tax_data	country_code	character
person_tax_data	tax_identification_number	character varying
person_tax_data	tax_filing_status	character varying
person_tax_data	federal_allowances	integer
person_tax_data	state_allowances	integer
person_tax_data	additional_federal_withholding	numeric
person_tax_data	additional_state_withholding	numeric
person_tax_data	is_exempt_federal	boolean
person_tax_data	is_exempt_state	boolean
person_tax_data	is_exempt_fica	boolean
person_tax_data	is_exempt_medicare	boolean
person_tax_data	is_exempt_futa	boolean
person_tax_data	is_exempt_suta	boolean
person_tax_data	state_code	character varying
person_tax_data	local_tax_code	character varying
person_tax_data	local_tax_rate	numeric
person_tax_data	work_state_code	character varying
person_tax_data	residence_state_code	character varying
person_tax_data	reciprocity_state_code	character varying
person_tax_data	tax_forms	jsonb
person_tax_data	effective_date	date
person_tax_data	end_date	date
person_tax_data	ytd_federal_income_tax	numeric
person_tax_data	ytd_state_income_tax	numeric
person_tax_data	ytd_local_income_tax	numeric
person_tax_data	ytd_fica_employee	numeric
person_tax_data	ytd_fica_employer	numeric
person_tax_data	ytd_medicare_employee	numeric
person_tax_data	ytd_medicare_employer	numeric
person_tax_data	ytd_additional_medicare	numeric
person_tax_data	ytd_futa	numeric
person_tax_data	ytd_suta	numeric
person_tax_data	ytd_sdi	numeric
person_tax_data	ytd_gross_wages	numeric
person_tax_data	ytd_taxable_wages	numeric
person_tax_data	ytd_fica_wages	numeric
person_tax_data	ytd_medicare_wages	numeric
person_tax_data	ytd_futa_wages	numeric
person_tax_data	ytd_suta_wages	numeric
person_tax_data	custom_tax_fields	jsonb
person_tax_data	metadata	jsonb
person_tax_data	created_at	timestamp with time zone
person_tax_data	created_by	text
person_tax_data	updated_at	timestamp with time zone
person_tax_data	updated_by	text
person_tax_data	is_deleted	boolean
person_tax_domiciles	id	uuid
person_tax_domiciles	tenant_id	uuid